any emergency assistance
the Wind River Indian Reservation
I'm Jane banner FBI welcome to Wyoming
by yourself good thing that's Cory's
Lambert he's where I found the body
if there's a homicide running that girl
she's a fighter
because big officers to cover an area
the size of Rhode Island maybe you can
help only know it's drag say what is it
you do again controversy so why don't
you come hunt one for me then
why would a teenage girl be out here was
she running from here was a seclusion
but you're missing all the signs
simply wait for backup this isn't lender
backup Jane this is a land of you're on
your own
oh my god you won't get the answers
you're looking for matter what you find
why your daughter's run some homes to
play my wife just tell me you cannot
believe how different this place it
takes moose we took from you okay
look in the city
what Don about here
[Music]